Patch 0.8.1 (#1442)
pharmaverse/admiral: vignettes/faq.Rmd

 * People from University/Statistical talent pipeline more likely to come through with R skills rather than a proprietary language 
 * There seems to be a strong data science/analytics R community
 * FDA open to accepting R submissions and are heavy users themselves
 * Top of the line visualization/graphics - R-Shiny for interactive data displays and also R Markdown offers great report writing functionality
 * R is very popular among statisticians so new statistical methods are likely implemented in R before any other language
 * There might be equally suited programming languages out there - however at some stage we had to make a decision :)
 
##### Why do we use a **certain R version and package versions** for development?

* The choice of R Version is not set in stone.  However, a common development environment is important to establish when working across multiple companies and multiple developers. We currently work in R Version 3.6.3, but that will change as we move forward with `{admiral}`. This need for a common development environment also carries over for our choice of package versions.  

> * GitHub allows us through the Actions/Workflows to test `{admiral}` under several versions of R as well as several versions of dependent R packages needed for `{admiral}`.  Currently we test `{admiral}` against R Version 3.6.3 with a CRAN package snapshot from 2020-02-29, R Version 4.0 with a CRAN package snapshot from 2021-03-31 and the latest R version with the latest snapshots of packages.  You can view this workflow on our [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/pharmaverse/admiral/blob/main/.github/workflows/R-CMD-check.yml).

Author: ```suggestion
* GitHub allows us through the Actions/Workflows to test `{admiral}` under several versions of R as well as several versions of dependent R packages needed for `{admiral}`.  Currently we test `{admiral}` against R Version 3.6.3 with a CRAN package snapshot from 2020-02-29, R Version 4.0 with a CRAN package snapshot from 2021-03-31 and the latest R version with the latest snapshots of packages.  You can view this workflow and others on our [admiralci GitHub Repository](https://github.com/pharmaverse/admiralci).
```

 * The users are responsible to make sure they use the functions and their parameters in the right way to ensure alignment with their define.xml

##### Will `{admiral}` provide ADaM IG **CDISC compliant** datasets?

* Although `{admiral}` follows CDISC standards it does not claim that the dataset resulting from calling `{admiral}` functions is ADaM compliant. This has to be ensured by the user.

##### How much of the **ADaM IG is covered by admiral?**

 * ADaM  IG is a standard framework without a specific number of datasets or variables, so it cannot be used as a specific baseline to answer that question.
 * We will provide guidance for each ADaM  dataset structure (ADSL, OCCDS and BDS) that will highlight which functionality `{admiral}` covers. (see [In **which order** does a user need to execute the functions?])
 * The guidance will also highlight the gaps to be filled by the user (e.g. timing, ranges).
 * For standard ADaM datasets (ADAE, ADCM, ...) we can provide an estimated coverage based on early adopters Roche/GSK ADaM implementation

##### Will there be a user/**contribution** guide?

>  * Our [programming strategy](https://pharmaverse.github.io/admiraldev/main/articles/programming_strategy.html) serves as a framework

Author: ```suggestion
 * Our [programming strategy](https://pharmaverse.github.io/admiraldev/devel/articles/programming_strategy.html) serves as a framework
```
